[Music]
Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear esteemed fellow practitioners, ladies and gentlemen, and
friends.  The old year is about to end and the new year is
about to begin.  When the new year begins,
most Vietnamese people are
worried about the taboos associated with the new year.  There are
many superstitions that can
hinder family activities during the
Lunar New Year.  It is considered inauspicious to sweep the house or
take out the trash on the first day of the lunar month, as doing so would drive
away good fortune.
If dishes are accidentally dropped and broken, it's a sign that something
bad has happened in the house.
Another taboo is avoiding the time when
there is a funeral in the house.  If there is a funeral in your own family, you
shouldn't go to another house
to celebrate the New Year.  Visiting someone's house during Tet (Vietnamese New Year) is believed to
bring bad luck to
them.  And
if someone else is having a funeral, we
shouldn't go there during Tet (Vietnamese New Year).  That means if there's just been a
funeral, we shouldn't go there during
Tet.  Going there to celebrate Tet (Vietnamese New Year) would
bring bad luck back to our family.  So,
when we receive such omens,
how should we handle them?  Then it was time for
us to repent together.  In
a previous life,
did my family or I commit any unwholesome acts
that would cause such negative consequences in this life
?  Therefore, we
sincerely repent and today we
vow to do good deeds.  We
vow to make offerings to the Three Jewels and to protect the
Three Jewels.  May the Buddha's teachings endure in
the world forever.  May all beings come to
understand cause and effect.  All living
beings abandon evil and do good.  And during this Tet holiday
, my family and I
will make sure to refrain from drunkenness and addiction, from killing and
stealing, from adultery
and lust, from lying, from forcing anyone
to drink excessively, and from forcing anyone to do
evil things.  When we
make such a vow and act
accordingly, how many blessings
will come to us?  And the thing is, there are signs that you
will encounter evil things, and
those things will decrease, then it's true, just like the
New Year's greetings that people bring
to you, wishing your family good things and bad
things to go away, not
encountering bad things.
[music]